[KOGITO-5300] Updating documentation of addons modules (#1463)
kiegroup/kogito-runtimes: addons/common/process-management/README.md

# Kogito Process Management Add-on

> The Kogito Process Management Add-ons add process management capability to Kogito projects and are also part of the integration with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kogito Process Management Add-ons adds process management capability to Kogito projects and are also part of the integration with the
```

# Kogito Process Management Addon

> This addon adds the capability of process management to Kogito project and is also part of the integration with the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Kogito Process Management Addons add process management capability to Kogito projects and are also part of the integration with the
```

> [Kogito Management Console](https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-apps/tree/master/management-console). Please check

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Kogito Management Console](https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-apps/tree/master/management-console). See
```

the [official documentation](https://docs.jboss.org/kogito/release/latest/html_single/#con-bpmn-process-management-addon_kogito-developing-process-services)

> to find out more!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to find out more.
```

## Examples

> Please check the following examples to explore more about this capability:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the following examples to explore more about this capability:
```
